<!--
Week Two
2019-1-19 12:00
2019 Season
After two weeks of hard work, Team 4904 is well on our way to finalizing our robot design, completing drivetrain fabrication, designing PCBs, and finishing the basic robot code.
-->

# Week Two

After two weeks of hard work, Team 4904 is well on our way to finalizing our robot design, completing drivetrain fabrication, designing PCBs, and finishing the basic robot code.

Design and Fabrication wrapped up prototyping last Wednesday for a preliminary design review with the whole team, where we assessed prototype options and selected mechanisms to use on our final robot design. During this time, Electronics got the team’s practice drivetrains up and running after switching out motor controllers and updating firmware, allowing prototyping teams to use these drivetrains for tests. Programming finished the prototype code and worked on splines, auto-alignment, and vision projects.

After our design review on Wednesday, Design worked on completing the full robot CAD based on feedback, which will be discussed during the team’s final design review. Programming updated prototype code based on our final robot design, and continued computer vision for auto-alignment with the cargo ship. Fabrication worked on machining drivetrain parts, completed field elements, and set up the practice field at the San Mateo Event Center in conjunction with teams 5026, 253, 4990, and 840. Electronics continued work on PCBs and CAN, and began testing reed switches.

Next week, we plan to finalize our robot design, complete drivetrain fabrication, construct the electronics board, and finalize contour detection for computer vision.