<!--
Competition 2019
2019-3-24 12:00
featured,2019 Season
Team 4904 has finished competing in Destination: Deep Space at San Francisco Regional and Sacramento Regional. While our robot didn’t place as well as we would have liked at either competition, we were proud to have built the most durable robot in our team’s history, and to have won the Gracious Professionalism award not just once, but at both competitions!
-->

# Competition 2019

Team 4904 has finished competing in Destination: Deep Space at San Francisco Regional and Sacramento Regional. While our robot didn’t place as well as we would have liked at either competition, we were proud to have built the most durable robot in our team’s history, and to have won the Gracious Professionalism award not just once, but at both competitions!

Our robot averaged 7 game piece cycles every game, for about 30 points a game on all 3 levels of the rocket! This robot was also one of the most complex our team has built, involving an elevator, four-bar linkage, manipulator systems, custom PCBs, and easy state-switching controls—but it still required by far the fewest fixes. The pit crew never had to deal with issues more pressing than loose shaft collars or slight changes in motor speeds. We even had enough time to install LEDs in between our last few matches at Sacramento!

We were also honored to receive the Gracious Professionalism award. What is Gracious Professionalism? According to the FIRST website…

> With Gracious Professionalism, fierce competition and mutual gain are not separate notions. Gracious professionals learn and compete like crazy, but treat one another with respect and kindness in the process. They avoid treating anyone like losers. No chest thumping tough talk, but no sticky-sweet platitudes either. Knowledge, competition, and empathy are comfortably blended.

Gracious Professionalism is an essential part of the mission and ethos of FIRST. We were honored to receive this award, as well as to compete with many amazing teams in both San Francisco and Sacramento.